0.  What is pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis?
    Short medical terminology: Silicosis.
    Occupational lung disease caused by inhalation of very fine silicate or quartz dust.
    Pset related: Longest word in problem set dictionary (45 letters)
    
1.  According to its man page, what does getrusage do?
    Returns  resource  usage  measures  for either (self, children or thread).
    On success returns 0. On error returns -1.

2.  Per that same man page, how many members are in a variable of type struct rusage?
    16.

3.  Why do you think we pass before and after by reference (instead of by value) to calculate,
    even though we’re not changing their contents?
    By not introducing new variables, passing these by reference allows faster calculation.
    
4.  Explain as precisely as possible, in a paragraph or more, how main goes about reading words
    from a file. In other words, convince us that you indeed understand how that function’s for loop works.
    1) First initialises the int value to the result of fgetc(fp).
    2) As the condition is not end-of-file, it continues to get character by character until it reaches end-of-file.
    3) For each character, it is filtered.
        i) First "if" - filters alphabetical and apostrophes
       ii) Second "if" - Ignores any words containing numbers (example: K9, WW2, P45)
      iii) Third "if" - When the character is neither an alphabet or a number.
                        We assume its a space and begin analyse for misspellings.
                        Once done, resets the index pointer to prepare for new word.
                        
5.  Why do you think we used fgetc to read each word’s characters one at a time rather than
    use fscanf with a format string like "%s" to read whole words at a time?
    Put another way, what problems might arise by relying on fscanf alone?
    1) You must know the exact data layout of the input file in advance and rewrite the function call
        for every different layout.
    2) Difficult to read text strings containing spaces as fscanf see spaces as field delimiters.
        Field delimiters e.g (semicolons, parentheses, brackets + (angle and curly)).
        
    By using fgetc, we can read character by character and ensure it is a valid character.
    
6.  Why do you think we declared the parameters for check and load as const (which means "constant")?
    The parameters assigned to check and load must not be altered in any way.
    